docs(tutorials): add Pulumi quickstart tutorial (#729)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/pulumi-quickstart/index.mdx

-   ├─ scaleway:index:KubernetesNodePool  pulumi-kapsule-pool             delete
-   ├─ scaleway:index:KubernetesNodePool  pulumi-kapsule-pool-small       delete
-   └─ scaleway:index:KubernetesCluster   pulumi-kapsule                  delete

Outputs:
- kapsuleId : "fr-par/<id>"
- kubeconfig: [secret]

Resources:
  - 4 to delete

Do you want to perform this destroy? yes
Destroying (dev)

View Live: https://app.pulumi.com/dirien/pulumi-scaleway-quickstart/dev/updates/5

   Type                                  Name                            Status
-   pulumi:pulumi:Stack                   pulumi-scaleway-quickstart-dev  deleted
-   ├─ scaleway:index:KubernetesNodePool  pulumi-kapsule-pool             deleted
-   ├─ scaleway:index:KubernetesNodePool  pulumi-kapsule-pool-small       deleted
-   └─ scaleway:index:KubernetesCluster   pulumi-kapsule                  deleted

Outputs:
- kapsuleId : "fr-par/<id>"
- kubeconfig: [secret]

Resources:
  - 4 deleted

Duration: 59s

The resources in the stack have been deleted, but the history and configuration associated with the stack are still maintained.
If you want to remove the stack completely, run 'pulumi stack rm dev'.
```

> Bravo, that's it! You got a first impression on the lifecycle of an infrastructure using Pulumi. There is so much more to exiting aspects to discover, feel free to jump to the official Pulumi [docs](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You got a first impression on the lifecycle of an infrastructure using Pulumi. There are many more aspects to discover. Check the official Pulumi [docs](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/) to find out more.
```

  cloud infrastructure. You can then decide to deploy the changes or to cancel the deployment.
  With the command `pulumi preview`, you explicitly ask Pulumi to preview the changes.

  ```
  $ pulumi up
  Previewing update (dev)

  View Live: https://app.pulumi.com/dirien/pulumi-scaleway-quickstart/dev/previews/216875e4-018c-4044-8586-7cda86d2ef63

  Type                                  Name                            Plan
  +   pulumi:pulumi:Stack                   pulumi-scaleway-quickstart-dev  create
  +   ├─ scaleway:index:KubernetesCluster   pulumi-kapsule                  create
  +   └─ scaleway:index:KubernetesNodePool  pulumi-kapsule-pool             create

  Outputs:
  kapsuleId : output<string>
  kubeconfig: output<string>

  Resources:
  + 3 to create

  Do you want to perform this update?  [Use arrows to move, enter to select, type to filter]
  yes
  > no
  details
  ```

  Move the arrow key up perform the update.

<Message type="tip">

  - You can skip the preview by using the flag `--skip-preview` or `-f`
  - You can skip the confirmation dialog by using `--yes` or `-y`

  Both flags are very useful, when you run Pulumi in a CI environment.

</Message>

>   The update process will take some minutes, and you should be seeing following output when everything is done:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The update process will take a few minutes, and you should see the following output when everything is done:
```

```
$ pulumi up -y -f
Updating (dev)

View Live: https://app.pulumi.com/dirien/pulumi-scaleway-quickstart/dev/updates/4

   Type                                  Name                            Status
   pulumi:pulumi:Stack                   pulumi-scaleway-quickstart-dev
+   └─ scaleway:index:KubernetesNodePool  pulumi-kapsule-pool-small       created

Outputs:
  kapsuleId : "fr-par/<id>"
  kubeconfig: [secret]

Resources:
  + 1 created
  3 unchanged

Duration: 3m40s
```

<Lightbox src="pulumi-scaleway-kapsule-pool-add.webp" alt="" />

After a couple of minutes, everything should be deployed, and we can test our new worker pool.

<Lightbox src="pulumi-scaleway-kapsule-pool-add-done.webp" alt="" />

```
$ export KUBECONFIG=kubeconfig.yaml && kubectl get nodes
NAME                                             STATUS   ROLES    AGE     VERSION
scw-pulumi-kapsu-pulumi-kapsule-pool-sm-059c03   Ready    <none>   3m56s   v1.23.6
scw-pulumi-kapsu-pulumi-kapsule-pool-sm-905ac2   Ready    <none>   4m18s   v1.23.6
scw-pulumi-kapsule-pulumi-kapsule-pool-6d0c822   Ready    <none>   76m     v1.23.6
```

> ## Deleteing your infrastructure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deleting your infrastructure
```

  npm notice
  Finished installing dependencies

  Your new project is ready to go! ✨

  To perform an initial deployment, run 'pulumi up'

  ```

  The argument `typescript` will tell Pulumi to create a new program in the using the `typescript` template.

  Pulumi offers plenty of templates, if you are unsure of what to use, just use type following command and choose from the huge collection of templates:

  ```
  $ pulumi new
  Please choose a template:  [Use arrows to move, enter to select, type to filter]
  aws-csharp                   A minimal AWS C# Pulumi program
  aws-go                       A minimal AWS Go Pulumi program
  aws-javascript               A minimal AWS JavaScript Pulumi program
  aws-python                   A minimal AWS Python Pulumi program
  aws-typescript               A minimal AWS TypeScript Pulumi program
  azure-csharp                 A minimal Azure Native C# Pulumi program
  azure-go                     A minimal Azure Native Go Pulumi program
  azure-javascript             A minimal JavaScript Pulumi program with the native Azure provider
  azure-python                   A minimal Azure Native Python Pulumi program
  ....
  ```

> 3. Add the Scaleway provide`r`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Add the Scaleway provider
```

Author: Ups! 😅

```
$ pulumi up -y -f
Updating (dev)

View Live: https://app.pulumi.com/dirien/pulumi-scaleway-quickstart/dev/updates/4

   Type                                  Name                            Status
   pulumi:pulumi:Stack                   pulumi-scaleway-quickstart-dev
+   └─ scaleway:index:KubernetesNodePool  pulumi-kapsule-pool-small       created

Outputs:
  kapsuleId : "fr-par/<id>"
  kubeconfig: [secret]

Resources:
  + 1 created
  3 unchanged

Duration: 3m40s
```

<Lightbox src="pulumi-scaleway-kapsule-pool-add.webp" alt="" />

After a couple of minutes, everything should be deployed, and we can test our new worker pool.

<Lightbox src="pulumi-scaleway-kapsule-pool-add-done.webp" alt="" />

```
$ export KUBECONFIG=kubeconfig.yaml && kubectl get nodes
NAME                                             STATUS   ROLES    AGE     VERSION
scw-pulumi-kapsu-pulumi-kapsule-pool-sm-059c03   Ready    <none>   3m56s   v1.23.6
scw-pulumi-kapsu-pulumi-kapsule-pool-sm-905ac2   Ready    <none>   4m18s   v1.23.6
scw-pulumi-kapsule-pulumi-kapsule-pool-6d0c822   Ready    <none>   76m     v1.23.6
```

> ## Delete your infrastructure

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Deleteing your infrastructure
```
